git pull Command
The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository and immediately update the local repository to match the fetched content. This command is essential for Git-based collaboration, allowing you to incorporate changes made by others into your own repository.

How It Works
The git pull command is essentially a combination of two other commands:

git fetch: Downloads the latest changes from the remote repository without modifying your local files.
git merge: After fetching, it merges the downloaded changes into your local branch, updating the local repository.
A new merge commit is created if the fetched changes are not already part of your local history.

Basic Workflow Example
Assume you have a repository with a main branch and a remote named origin. If your local and remote branches have diverged, running git pull will download the changes (commits) from the remote and merge them into your local branch.

Example:
Assume the local branch diverged at commit E:
Remote branch has commits: A-B-C
Local branch has commits: D-E-F
When running git pull, the process:

Fetches commits A-B-C from the remote repository.
Merges the fetched commits into your local branch by creating a new merge commit, say H, which incorporates the remote changes.
git pull Usage
bash
Copy code
git pull <remote> <branch>
Fetches and merges changes from the specified remote branch (e.g., origin) into your local branch.
Rebase Instead of Merge
By default, git pull creates a merge commit. If you prefer a cleaner history without merge commits, you can use the --rebase option.

bash
Copy code
git pull --rebase <remote> <branch>
This will rebase your local commits on top of the fetched commits instead of creating a merge commit.
Rebase Workflow Example:
In the case of a rebase:

Your local changes will be temporarily removed.
The remote changes (A-B-C) will be applied first.
Then, your local changes (D-E-F) will be reapplied on top of the fetched content.
This results in a linear history without a merge commit.

